what's up guys it's done in batch 11 I'm
in Minecraft as usually today I'm going
to be playing a game type made by disco
all right this is disco zombie survival
map zombies come out of there they you
don't want them to get over here
otherwise you get will lag otherwise
they get over here sorry feel like guys
I'm running portal 2 on my computer
right now for some reason but anyways
the zombie spawn over there they get
over here and you have to keep them from
getting over here otherwise you die easy
simple enough all right you can start
with the bow the power 10 infinity one
so one arrow lasts infinite amount of
times I guess I think power 10 is the
top so it should be one shot kills and
right here are the TNT cannons it's easy
to kill them with because DNT kills
things easily that she's far that sheets
median that shoots close you'll see how
it shoots in a minute and that's the
count I guess of how much TNT you have
left and yeah that's about it make sure
nope it's on peaceful it's got to be on
at least easy or above for the zombies
to spawn obviously but a further ado
here we go just start Brown
is it starting
start on you I command you to start
though they are gone alright this
is how it starts and it should fit that
is useless
alright i'm doing ok I guess I don't
know if I'm supposed to go get that
experience I guess I'm not just going to
stay up here I feel safer up here now to
coming up from both sides these are
closed on base i freak i suck at this
but don't really just shoot myself with
an arrow
did that just shoot it far away I
thought that maybe the red one shoot
close what does white shoot look look
whatever forget about it Dom but see now
white shirts close that means that it
should kill you stupid zombies in like
two seconds or not or not or not mojno
delta some just killed it what what
summers are still coming alright
whatever I'm just gonna go with it yo I
don't I died does that mean I fail I'm
not sure but I guess you have to get a
certain amount of zombies in or
something I don't know oh my gosh look
at this what the fur sure what the heck
do I gonna shoot that piece of team I am
confused guys I'm sorry for this miss me
much easier oh shoot what I guess it's
what happens when you lose well that was
amazing what okay I'm gonna try and see
what round I got to or or not okay just
a sec guys I will see what round I got
to alright guys so apparently I made it
to round 14 so yeah I suck a lot so
linked to the skin types in the
description as long as the link to
discos channel thank you guys for
watching subscribe like
comment or do all that stuff because i
need ideas for videos you guys like this
stuff comment below and if you didn't
comment below just comment I don't care
what you can call me all sorts of names
you can say you love the video I don't
care anyways thanks guys for watching
see you later